Leadspace with search (#6779)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom: packages/web-components/src/components/leadspace-with-search/__stories__/README.stories.mdx

* White and Gray 10
* Gray 10 and White
* Gray 90 and Gray 100
* Gray 100 and Gray 90

### HTML Example

```html
<dds-leadspace-with-search adjacent-theme='white-and-g10'>
  <dds-background-media
    gradient-direction="left-to-right"
    mobile-position="bottom"
    default-src="https://fpoimg.com/1584x560?&bg_color=ee5396&text_color=161616"
    slot='image'
  >
  </dds-background-media>
  <dds-leadspace-block-heading slot='heading'>Find a product</dds-leadspace-block-heading>
  <dds-leadspace-block-content slot='content'>
    <dds-leadspace-search-block-heading>Innovate like a startup, scale for the enterprise</dds-leadspace-search-block-heading>
    <dds-leadspace-search-block-copy
      >Automate your software release process with continuous
      delivery (CD)—the most critical part of adopting DevOps.
      Build, test, and deploy code changes quickly, ensuring
      software is always ready for deployment.
    </dds-leadspace-search-block-copy>
  </dds-leadspace-block-content>
  <dds-search-with-typeahead slot='search' leadspace-search><dds-search-with-typeahead/>
  <dds-hr slot='hr'></dds-hr>
</dds-leadspace-with-search>
```

> ## Horizontal Rule Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Horizontal rule use
```

> The Horizontal Rule should **only** be used when the Leadspace will have the same Carbon theme as the page content,
> *OR* when using Adjacent Themes, the search container will need to be the same Carbon theme as the page content.
> 
> In other words, the horizontal rule should only be included as a slotted element if, for example, the page content has
> the Gray 100 theme *and* the Leadspace With Search **also** uses the the Gray 100.
> 
> When using Adjacent Themes, the theme applied **must** be 'g90-and-g100', as the latter theme must match the page content theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The horizontal rule should **only** be used when the leadspace will have the same Carbon theme as the page content,
*OR* when using adjacent themes, the search container will need to be the same Carbon theme as the page content.

In other words, the horizontal rule should only be included as a slotted element if, for example, the page content has
the `gray-100` theme *and* `Leadspace with search` **also** uses `gray-100`.

When using adjacent themes, the theme applied **must** be `g90-and-g100`, as the latter theme must match the page content theme.
```
